Hey, and welcome to this introduction to Sails js.
In this video, we'll start taking a deeper look at the Sails js framework.
To start, we'll go to sailsjs.com.
The first thing you'll notice here is
the cool-looking squid that links to some basic information.
This squid is the start of a trend you'll see a lot with this framework.
It seems like they've done everything they can to make connections between the framework,
and sailboats, and ocean creatures.
You can scroll down a little to see
the main things they point out that Sails can help you with.
The framework is written completely in JavaScript,
can connect to any database,
and provides blueprints to help create Rest APIs instead of building them from scratch.
Also, it's compatible with any front-end like Angular,
React, iOS and anything else.
It's got easy WebSocket integration and also provides professional support for its users.
What this all means is that it's simple to use,
well integrated with other tools,
and has excellent documentation to help you get started.
You can see all that up here in the menu bar.
Under get started, they help you set sail
with the basics of starting your first application.
From installation, to app creation,
to some new cool ideas,
it's all here to help support you along the way.
Under support, you'll see community resources like FAQs,
live chat, Stack Overflow,
and classes you can take.
There's also professional resources like partnerships,
support, presentations, and Sails job opportunity.
Finally, under the documentation,
you'll find stuff like reference material,
descriptions of important concepts,
tutorials, and even more useful resources.
They've made this site really intuitive for you to explore yourself.
So, feel free to read through and work through some of the material they provide.
Coming up, we'll work through their Hello World application
together to help make sure you're comfortable with the basics.
So, if you'd, like explore documentation for a bit and when you're ready,
we'll see you in the next video.